README.md, before:

# LoreLeaf

What you would call a ebook reading app. But better. 'Loreful' if you will.

![LoreLeaf_logo](./assets/logo_320.jpeg)

## The why

### Inspiration

What are ebooks missing? Every time I am reading one of those I feel left out due to the lack of drawings and maps, that are most of the time present in their paper equivalents.
Other problem that I couldn't see being addressed properly are:

- No access to the whole world described in the book (lore), which does not boil down to simple searching the text
- The lack of specifically selected soundtracks to accompany the reading
- No way quickly access artwork for the book (if it exists)

### Technology considerations

- [Bevy](https://bevyengine.org/) - open source game engine written in Rust
- [Godot](https://godotengine.org/) (with gdext plugin) - open source game engine with extension for supporting Rust as a scripting language
- [Tauri](https://tauri.app/) - open source framework for developing desktop applications with a web frontend

Since from all of those, the one that is giving the most freedom is **Bevy**, I decided to go with it.

## The what

**LoreLeaf** shall be one cross-platform book reading app to rule them all.

### Features (subject to change)

- [ ] Opening books in different formats
  - [ ] EPUB
  - [ ] PDF
- [ ] Reading books
  - [ ] Possibility to add bookmarks
  - [ ] Adding notes to selected fragments
  - [ ] Translation between languages
  - [ ] Highlighting lore-related terms and character names
    - [ ] Displaying quick overview of the term/character (ideally up to the current point)
  - [ ] Proposing background music for book/fragment
- [ ] Audio books support
  - [ ] Context aware lore highlights
  - [ ] Synchronization with ebook
- [ ] Analyzing books
  - [ ] Ability to automatically scrape all the data from inside the book to create a lore 'database'

Commit message:

Update README.md with link to CONTRIBUTING.md

README.md, after:

# LoreLeaf

What you would call an ebook reading app. But better. 'Loreful' if you will.

![LoreLeaf_logo](./assets/logo_320.jpeg)

---

## The why

### Inspiration

What are ebooks missing? Every time I am reading one of those I feel left out due to the lack of drawings and maps, that are most of the time present in their paper equivalents.
Other problem that I couldn't see being addressed properly are:

- No access to the whole world described in the book (lore), which does not boil down to simple searching the text
- The lack of specifically selected soundtracks to accompany the reading
- No way quickly access artwork for the book (if it exists)

### Technology considerations

- [Bevy](https://bevyengine.org/) - open source game engine written in Rust
- [Godot](https://godotengine.org/) (with gdext plugin) - open source game engine with extension for supporting Rust as a scripting language
- [Tauri](https://tauri.app/) - open source framework for developing desktop applications with a web frontend

Since from all of those, the one that is giving the most freedom is **Bevy**, I decided to go with it.

---

## The what

**LoreLeaf** shall be one cross-platform book reading app to rule them all.

### Features (subject to change)

- [ ] Opening books in different formats
  - [ ] EPUB
  - [ ] PDF
- [ ] Reading books
  - [ ] Possibility to add bookmarks
  - [ ] Adding notes to selected fragments
  - [ ] Translation between languages
  - [ ] Highlighting lore-related terms and character names
    - [ ] Displaying quick overview of the term/character (ideally up to the current point)
  - [ ] Proposing background music for book/fragment
- [ ] Audio books support
  - [ ] Context aware lore highlights
  - [ ] Synchronization with ebook
- [ ] Analyzing books
  - [ ] Ability to automatically scrape all the data from inside the book to create a lore 'database'

---

## Development

If you are interested in running project locally and contributing to it, please refer to the [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) file.
